# ZK Games
This project is a game built on top of Noir lang that generates proofs of the current state of the game. The game is "Jeu des petits chevaux" a french 🥖🥖 board game which consists of moving several pawns (called small horses) per player (between 1 and 4 per player in general), and taking them to the part reserved for their color. The first player to arrive on the last square wins the game.

## Setup

Dependencies can be installed from the root of the package:

```bash
yarn
yarn install:noir
yarn install:sandbox
```

In addition to the usual javascript dependencies, this project requires `nargo` (package manager) and `noir` (a Domain Specific Language for SNARK proving systems) in addition to `@aztec/aztec-cli`.

The former are installed within `yarn install:noir` which executes

This sandbox requires [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) to be installed _and running_ locally. In the event the image needs updating, you can run `yarn install:sandbox`.

## Getting started

After `yarn` has run,`yarn start:sandbox` in one terminal will launch a local instance of the Aztec sandbox via Docker Compose and `yarn start:dev` will launch a frontend app for deploying and interacting with the PrivateToken contract.

At this point, [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) should provide a minimal smart contract frontend.

This folder should have the following directory structure:

```
|— README.md
|— package.json
|— src
       |-config.ts - PrivateToken specific configuration for the frontend.
       |             You may need to update this if you modify the contract functions.
       |— app
              |— [frontend React .tsx code files]
       |- scripts
              |- [helpers for frontend to interact with contract on the sandbox]
       |— contracts
              |— src
                     | The Noir smart contract source files are here.
                     |— main.nr - the cloned noir contract, your starting point
                     |- interface.nr - autogenerated from main.nr when you compile
               |— Nargo.toml [Noir build file, includes Aztec smart contract dependencies]
       |— artifacts
              |  These are both generated from `contracts/` by the compile command
              |— private_token_contract.json
              |— private_token.ts
       |— tests
              | A simple end2end test deploying and testing the Token on a local sandbox
              | using the front end helper methods in app/scripts/
              | The test requires the sandbox and anvil to be running (yarn start:sandbox).
              | You can run it via `yarn test:integration`.
              |- token.test.ts
```

Most relevant to you is likely `src/contracts/main.nr` (and the build config `src/contracts/Nargo.toml`). This contains the example PrivateToken logic that the frontend interacts with and is a good place to start writing Noir.

The `src/artifacts` folder can be re-generated from the command line with `yarn compile`.

This will generate a [contract artifact](src/artifacts/test_contract.json) and TypeScript class for the Aztec smart contract in `src/contracts/main.nr`, which the frontend uses to generate the UI.

After compiling, you can re-deploy the updated noir smart contract from the web UI. The function interaction forms are generated from parsing the contract artifact, so they should update automatically after you recompile.

## Learn More

To learn more about Noir Smart Contract development, take a look at the following resources:

- [Awesome Noir](https://github.com/noir-lang/awesome-noir) - learn about the Noir programming language.

## Deploy on Aztec3

Coming Soon :)
